# Wrapped Solana (SOL) at ShredPay

ShredPay is not a centralized exchange and it does not maintain a central order book.  All digital asset buy/sell orders are executed on the broader blockchain ecosystem utilizing a decentralized exchange aggregator, and the digital assets are deposited/withdrawn from your non-custodial digital wallet.  In order to provide ShredPay customers with efficient liquidity and the ability to effectively use certain digital assets within decentralized finance (DeFi) applications, the ShredPay platform operates on the Ethereum and Base blockchains.  With respect to SOL, which is not native to the Ethereum and Base networks, ShredPay offers customers  “wrapped” SOL allowing it to be efficiently deployed on the Base blockchain.

Wrapped SOL refers to assets that have been transferred through a blockchain smart contract from the Solana blockchain to another blockchain network (like Base or Ethereum) or vice versa. Because different blockchains cannot "talk" to each other directly, they use blockchain smart contracts to act as secure intermediaries.&#x20;

ShredPay offers wrapped SOL that has been minted through the blockchain smart contract “Base-Solana Bridge”. Wrapped SOL is fully backed at a 1:1 ratio by native SOL tokens on Solana which are locked in a blockchain vault until the wrapped tokens are redeemed.  Using wrapped SOL allows users to engage with DeFi apps for lower fees across multiple networks. More information about the Base-Solana Bridge can be found here:  [https://docs.base.org/base-chain/quickstart/base-solana-bridge](https://docs.base.org/base-chain/quickstart/base-solana-bridge)
